Add migration scripts for user store migration (#3611)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/upgrading-from-wso2-ei/upgrading-from-ei-6.2.x.md

### Migrating the user store

> If you are using LDAP user store with the Micro Integrator of EI 7.1.0, you can simply connect the same to the Micro Integrator of API-M 4.0.0 by updating the configuration details in the Micro Integrator's `deployment.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using LDAP user store with EI 6.2.0, you can simply connect the same to the Micro Integrator of API-M 4.0.0 by updating the configuration details in the Micro Integrator's `deployment.toml` file.
```

> If you are using a JDBC user store with the Micro Integrator of EI 7.1.0, you can use the same databases with APIM 4.0.0. However, you need to apply the following updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a JDBC user store with EI 6.2.0, you can use the same databases with APIM 4.0.0. However, you need to apply the following updates.
```

#### Update the database structure

> There are changes in the database structure (schema) that is used in EI 7.1.0. To update the database schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are changes in the database structure (schema) that is used in EI 6.2.0. To update the database schema:
```
